Create drafts of CFP and DjangoCon announcement blogs posts. (#35)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.us: _drafts/2023-03-01-announcing-djangocon-us-2023.md

---
author: DjangoCon US Organizers
category: General
date: 2023-03-01 05:00:00
layout: post
title: Ready, Set, Here We Go Again!
---

Hello, everyone!
We are very excited to announce that the website for DjangoCon US 2023 is [live](https://2023.djangocon.us).
{% comment %}
TODO: Update graphic designer for 2023
Many thanks to [YupGup](http://yupgup.com/) for the website.
It looks amazing!
{% endcomment %}

> The conference will be from Sunday, October 15th, through Friday, October 20th, 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conference will have tutorials on Sunday, October 8, talks from Monday, October 16th, through Wednesday, October 18th, and sprints on Thursday and Friday October 19th and 20th, 2023.
```

- October 8: Tutorials - Online only - ($199 per tutorial)
- October 16, 17, &amp; 18: Talks
- October 19 &amp; 20: Sprints

This year our venue will be [Durham Convention Center](https://2023.djangocon.us/venue/) in Durham, NC.
Tickets are [on sale now](https://ti.to/defna/djangocon-us-2023){% comment %}Tickets will be on sale soon{% endcomment %}, and our [hotel block is open](https://www.marriott.com/events/start.mi?id=1674740649947&key=GRP).

Due to the combination of a Duke home football game on October 14 and another tech conference right after ours, hotel space will be *extremely* limited in 2023.
{% comment %}We sold out in previous years, so please take advantage of our early bird pricing!{% endcomment %}

We are accepting [opportunity grant](https://2023.djangocon.us/opportunity-grants/) applications through end of day May 15th, 2023 [AoE](https://time.is/compare/0000_15_May_2023_in_Anywhere_on_Earth).

> Now is the time to start getting your submissions for talks and tutorials ready because our [call for proposals (CFP)](https://2023.djangocon.us/speaking/) deadline is the end of day on May 15th, 2023 [AoE](https://time.is/compare/0000_15_May_2023_in_Anywhere_on_Earth).

Reviewer: Same bit about not using AoE time here

We look forward to seeing all of the prospective talks and tutorials!

[Keep in touch](https://twitter.com/djangocon) for more announcements along the way!

> DjangoCon US Organizers :sailboat:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DjangoCon US Organizers :ox:
```
